EXPANDR-5778: Organizational scope searching for EC2 (#31493)
demisto/content: Packs/AWS-Enrichment-Remediation/ReleaseNotes/1_1_10.md

#### Playbooks

##### AWS - Enrichment

> - Added the *AWSAssumeRoleName* input to specify role to assume for organization level user accounts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added the *AWSAssumeRoleName* input to specify the role to assume for organization level user accounts.
```

> - Added support for searching for EC2 instance public IP in an organization scope using *aws-ec2-describe-ipam-resource-discoveries* and *aws-ec2-get-ipam-discovered-public-addresses* commands.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added support for searching for the EC2 instance public IP in an organization scope using the following  commands:
   - ***aws-ec2-describe-ipam-resource-discoveries***
   - ***aws-ec2-get-ipam-discovered-public-addresses***
```
